OKTA-537418 ISV submission prerequisite (#3827)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/submit-app-prereq/index.md

---
title: OIN submission requirements
meta:
  - name: description

>     content: Use this guide to prepare all the requirements prior to submitting your integration to Okta for publication in the Okta Integration Network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    content: Use this guide to understand the requirements prior to submitting your integration to Okta for publication in the Okta Integration Network.
```
